[Music]
Today we're going to run through the
animate to animation feature.
Let's get started by opening the animate
to animation window. First at the top we
have the number of images slider. This
is where you enter the total number of
frames you want to do for your animation
per generation.
Note the maximum number can vary
depending on your canvas size. Next, in
the animation reference section, you can
choose to use a reference image or an
init image if you have a specific
starting point for your animation.
We'll cover this a bit more later.
Next is the description area. This is
where you describe the character or art
you want to animate. Once you've entered
that, move down to the action
description field. Provide a brief
description of the action being
performed in the animation.
After that, select the camera view and
direction for the animation from the
available options.
You can adjust the outline shading
details for the animation to your
liking. Just mess around with it and see
what works best for your style. You can
choose the target palette for your
animation or just leave it on no and the
tool will pick its own colors. Finally,
under the advanced options, you can
adjust the AI freedom robust and
guidance weight sliders. These basically
control how closely the tool adheres to
your reference/ description versus how
much creative freedom it takes. After
configuring all these settings, click
the generate button to create your
animation.
Let's go ahead and do that. For this
example, we're going to do a armored
knight. We'll do the max it will allow
for our canvas size.
[Music]
Once you're happy with the generation
you get, you can then set it as your
reference image to help keep subsequent
generations consistent throughout your
animation sequence.
Now that we have our reference image
set, we can continue to generate our
other frames.
[Music]
There will be some manual cleanup to be
expected. However, the tool will get us
about 90% of the way there. I think that
about covers this tutorial. Thanks for
watching. See you in the next video.